The following flow should be followed for the demo of the MCO1:

- [ ] Explain what each member did in the deliverable.

  - State the section of each member.
  - There is no need to have a presentation on this. A verbal explanation will do.
  - If no visual aid is used during the explanation, display the Signed declaration of original work.

- [ ] Briefly show the Signed declaration of original work.

- [ ] View Hotel (must show there are no hotels at present).

- [ ] Create a new Hotel.

  - Be sure to display the prompts for all the needed information.
  - Explain the room naming convention used by the program.
  - Show how the rooms are created.

- [ ] Book a reservation at the hotel on the 30th.

  - Be sure to display the prompts for all the needed information.
  - Show that overnight reservations are possible.
  - Show that check-in cannot be made on the 31st of the month.

- [ ] Show that a booking cannot be made on the 31st.

- [ ] Book a second reservation at the hotel on the 1st of the month.

  - Be sure to display the prompts for all the needed information.
  - Show that multiple day reservations are possible.
  - Show that check-out cannot be made on the 1st.

- [ ] Show the UML of the code.

  - Give a brief overview of the system architecture or design.

- [ ] Show in the code on how the reservations are coded.

  - A brief explanation would suffice.
  - Explain the logic in how this is done in code.

- [ ] Create a second Hotel.

- [ ] View the hotel with the two reservations using the high-level information view.

  - Show the reservations are made previously.

- [ ] View the hotel with the two reservations using the low-level information view.

  - Show the reservations are made previously.
  - Show the specifics of the two reservations.
  - Be sure to show the status of the hotel reservations.
  - Be sure to show the total price for the booking and a breakdown of the cost per night.

- [ ] Change the name of the hotel with reservations.

- [ ] Add a new room to the hotel with reservations.

- [ ] Change the base price of the hotel with no reservations.

- [ ] Show in the code on how the managed hotel feature is coded.

  - A brief explanation would suffice.
  - Explain the logic in how this is done in code.

- [ ] Show the changes made in both hotels.

  - Show the change in name in the new hotel room.
  - Show the newly added room.
  - Show the change in base price.

- [ ] Remove the overnight reservation on the hotel with reservations.

- [ ] Delete the hotel with no reservations.

- [ ] Show that the deleted reservation is no longer in the system.

- [ ] Show that the deleted hotel is no longer in the system.

- [ ] Show the test cases prepared.

  - Note that all methods in all classes are tested with at least 3 documented unique test cases.
  - Freedom is given on how this is presented by the team for as long as test cases are shown.

- [ ] Show the java doc generated by the system.
  - Be sure to show this in a web browser. Do not show the raw html.
